Cayman Casteel CS 255
1.	For both projects, I was assigned the client, "DriverPass" whos goal was to teach their students driving techniques to prepare them for their initial driving test for their license. The system that they wanted designed was similar to a Learning Management System where students can log on, complete tests, and receive scores as well as book appointments to drive with an instructor.
2.	Creating the UML diagrams for the system was one of the parts for this project that I accomplished pretty well, making sure to included every requirement that the client gave. This allowed me to present the client with detailed diagrams including a Sequence, Activity, and Use-Case diagram of how their system would work.
3.	Although I did great on creating these diagrams, I would still say that I would want to continue revising them to make sure that they are as efficient as they can be.
4.	After being given the clients needs and requirements, I created a straight forward list minimizing the use of extra words so that it would be clear for anyone on a team to understand. Following this, I made sure to answer all questions for the system design document by continuously referencing the requirements given to me. This made sure that I was meeting the needs of the client.
5.	When approaching designing software, I use the clients requirements as my main guideline. I can create diagrams to give myself and my team a better understanding of how the system should work and showing- each of the requirements the client has given me in an easily observable way through these diagrams. From there, I can write the physical code for the system using those diagrams as reference. I will continue to use this process since it is very straight forward and makes work more efficient for me and others that I work with.
